---
description: Glossary of Intuition terms.
---

# 📖 Glossary

<table><thead><tr><th width="173">Term</th><th>Definition</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>DID</td><td>Decentralized identifier as defined by the <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/">W3C DID Spec</a></td></tr><tr><td>VC</td><td>Verifiable Credential as defined by the <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/">https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/</a></td></tr><tr><td>Identity</td><td>Intuition's atomic unit of knowledge. Identities can be used to represent <strong>Subjects</strong>, <strong>Predicates</strong>, <strong>Objects</strong>, and <strong>Claims</strong>. <br>All Claims are a composition of Identities, and Claims can be used as Identities in other Claims.</td></tr><tr><td>Claim</td><td>Claims are <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_triple">Semantic Triples</a>. Claims are in the form of Subject-Predicate-Object. Composed of Identities.</td></tr><tr><td>Subject</td><td> A noun, identified by the name. Serves as a base for other objects. This is the entity that a Claim is about. <br>Example: "Billy is Trustworthy." -> "Billy" is the Subject.</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate</td><td>The <em>key</em> in the key-value pair of Predicate: Object. <br>Example: "Billy is Trustworthy." -> "is" is the <strong>Predicate</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>Object</td><td>The <em>value</em> in the key-value pair of Predicate: Object. <br>Example: "Billy is Trustworthy." -> "Trustworthy" is the <strong>Object</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td>Vault</td><td>ERC-4626 Tokenized Vault Standard.</td></tr><tr><td>MultiVault</td><td>Extension of ERC-4626 Tokenized Vault Standard. Vaults are referenced by <code>vault_id</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>Stake</td><td>Users can stake on an object to indicate agreement or usefulness. In doing so, users gain partial ownership of the object and receive rewards from its continued utility.</td></tr><tr><td>Counter-Stake</td><td>Contrary to staking, users can indicate disagreement with an object by counter-staking. In doing so, users also become partial owners and receive rewards if others oppose as well.</td></tr><tr><td>Fee</td><td>The amount that an action costs to perform.</td></tr><tr><td>Atom Fee</td><td>The fee paid to Create or Stake on an Identity (Atom). A portion of the Atom Fee pays all holders of the respective Identity's Atom Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Atom Shares</td><td>Atom Shares grant users a proportional share of all Atom Fees paid to the Identity (Atom). Atom Shares are shares of the Identity's Vault.</td></tr><tr><td>Triple Fee</td><td>The fee paid to Create or Stake on a Claim (Triple). A portion of the Triple Fee pays all holders of the respective Claim's Triple Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Interpretation</td><td>A method by which state in the Intuition system is interpreted. Any data can be interpreted any way. However, reusable interpretations and interpretation models enable deeper cooperation between higher-level actors.</td></tr><tr><td>Official Interpretation</td><td>An <strong>Interpretation</strong> that has an <em>officially approved</em> meaning. For example, a Claim having a "hasAccess" Predicate may have an Official Interpretation of granting the user access to something.</td></tr></tbody></table>

